well howdy there internet village began
so today we're going to talk about how
Trump has joined the movement Trump is
now on the side of those in the street
that's the only thing we can take away
from his most recent actions and that
his entire administration is behind this
because nobody apparently stopped it so
they must at least secretly hold some
loyalty to the defund the police
movement specifically the area in
Portland the reason I say this is
because the most recent actions there
are counter to everything everything
that is known about how to handle these
type of movements so the only thing I
can take away from it other than just
assuming that he's completely
incompetent and inapt and we all know
that's not true
is that he has decided to actively help
the movement in Portland recruit because
it's in the manual not to do what he's
doing if you don't know what's going on
apparently the feds are using unmarked
vehicles to conduct snatch and grabs in
Portland they're just rolling up yanking
people in I know people want to talk
about the legality and the
constitutionality of it the Trump
administration does not care about the
Constitution and I don't care about
staying within the wall so I'm gonna
skip over that we're gonna go straight
to the practical aspects of this these
arrests detainment whatever they are
appear to be just a form of harassment
there are a few extreme circumstances
which this would be warranted I have
found precisely zero evidence suggesting
that's the case it appears to be just a
method of harassing the movement in the
streets that's really what it boils down
to it looks like they're just snatching
out people who are dressed in all black
it in the cases
I've been able to actually track down
what's happened they've let it go pretty
much as soon as I asked for a lawyer
this security clampdown which is what
this is is wrong not just morally not
just ethically not just legally not just
constitutionally tactically and
strategically it's it's in the manual
don't do this when you have a defined
geographic area let's say the city of
Portland and a movement has popular
support within that geographic area you
don't conduct a security clampdown on
them because it just creates people who
sympathize with their movement in more
militant organizations it is actually
part of the goal it is part of the
strategy to provoke the government into
an overreaction into a security
clampdown because what happens is when
the government over reacts the average
civilian the person that is not
affiliated with the movement they get
caught up in it they're scared they
don't know if their next it generates a
climate of fear they become afraid of
the government therefore they sympathize
with the movement then eventually
something goes wrong something happens
it could be one of these vans
accidentally hitting somebody it could
be them snatching up somebody who is
beloved in the community it could be one
of these people resisting and it going
aloud any of this stuff that happens it
gets blamed on the security clampdown
therefore it gets blamed on the
government therefore all those people
who started to sympathize with the the
movement they join they're longer
sympathetic they're active participants
and they got taken to the streets this
the understanding of this theory
started more than a hundred years ago
this isn't new this isn't new people
have understood this for a hundred years
now
security clamp downs these kind of
measures backfire always they don't work
they've never worked so what we're
really going to talk about is what
Portland can learn from Ireland in 1916
a movement in Ireland took to the
streets Easter they occupied government
buildings now this was a more militant
movement but the same thing happened
government overreaction like we're
talking artillery when it was over the
reaction the overreaction continued they
took the leaders and they literally put
him on the wall those who they thought
were ringleaders they put him on the
wall boom there was one guy Eamon de
Valera who was slated to be put on the
wall but because he had an American
passport he got a pass because of that
overreaction the the movement and
Ireland solidified it cemented wasn't
very long before we had the Republic of
Ireland up until then it had been
occupied by the British
that crystallization of the movement all
of those sympathizers they were created
because of the government overreaction
since then militant groups especially
those who are looking for sub
revolutionary or revolutionary change
they intentionally try to provoke a
government overreaction in this case the
protesters have done nothing in Portland
to warrant a security clampdown when you
look at the list of reasons it's like
graffiti of broken windows and that
warrants roving bands snatching up
protesters that doesn't play well with
the general populace to prove this you
can go to Dan Rather's tweet on it dan
Rather it does not get more mainstream
than Dan Rather
look at what his followers are saying in
the replies look at the terms they're
using to describe the federal agents
Trump has done more to grow the movement
in Portland then any activist has and he
did it like two days if you are caught
up in this I understand it is
uncomfortable it is unnerving if you've
never been snatched before it's scary it
won't be the second time don't worry it
does appear that as soon as you ask for
a lawyer
they will they let you go because they
don't really have a reason to hold
anybody if you are part of this movement
just accept this for what it is the
legal arguments the constitutional
arguments they don't matter look at it
from the practical aspect too still a
phrase from devil era every one of you
they snatch brings 10 more to your cause
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day